## University of Virginia Biocomplexity Institute {style=text-align:center}
### Data Science for the Public Good Program {style=text-align:center}
###

[The Data Science for the Public Good (DSPG) Young Scholars program](https://biocomplexity.virginia.edu/social-decision-analytics/dspg-program) is a summer immersive program held at the [Biocomplexity Institute’s Social and Decision Analytics division (SDAD)](https://biocomplexity.virginia.edu/social-decision-analytics). Entering its seventh year, the program engages students from across the country to work together on projects that address state, federal, and local government challenges around critical social issues relevant in the world today. DSPG young scholars conduct research at the intersection of statistics, computation, and the social sciences to determine how information generated within every community can be leveraged to improve quality of life and inform public policy.

The program runs for 10 weeks for undergraduate interns and 11 weeks for graduate fellows in the summer, typically May to August. Fellows and interns work in teams collaborating with postdoctoral associates and research faculty from SDAD, and project stakeholders. The research teams combine disciplines including statistics, data science, and the social and behavioral sciences to address complex problems proposed by local, state, and federal agencies. Students work on multiple projects of their choice and interact with different scholars, faculty and sponsors.

Fellows and interns are selected through a competitive national search, and are paid a stipend for participation in the program. Graduate fellows possess high quantitative, statistical, computational and programming skills. They lead, support, and guide undergraduate students together with SDAD faculty and postdocs. Undergraduate students acquire the skills for programming and statistical analysis through the trainings necessary for their research projects. For more information on program highlights, how to apply, and our annual symposium, please visit the official [Biocomplexity DSPG website]((https://biocomplexity.virginia.edu/social-decision-analytics/dspg-program)).